I don't have a choice this is my one
shot I was born to do this and nobody
stopped me you got no business being
here
all these other fighters they're
fighting for their lives look at you
even the hero sandwich look at this your
first fight with clubber you got covert
a write-up in front of the pp you
sounded like a dolphin with an itchy
blowhole Junior
that's what Maury Povich told us I need
you to train me I need to do what would
you think I'm talking about fool don't
you know look I know fighter I'm
fighting fighting people said I couldn't
fight
fighting the demons fighting the lady in
a Wendy's drive-through because she
wouldn't give me extra different sauce
let's get some shots on you cuz we got
work to do
one boxing isn't just about strength and
conditioning it's about heart praise the
Box the wings over under around and
through meet mr. bunny fallen throat
enough focusin you've gotta focus
beat that meet like a minute you've
gotta kill him
hey hey no no no got it you got it
right now this is the fight nobody
thought should have this is a disgrace
to the sport of boxing but can we can
see last mouthpiece they don't eat this
one I keep thinking this dumb
instead I need your hand out there hey
honey mustard you remember
good
how am i doing good yeah don't be a
sequel thanks for watching if you like
that subscribe to our YouTube channel
for all the latest videos and if did it
subscribe anyway it's free who cares